This repository has code for working with regular temperaments in Julia.
It's not of any use in itself because I already wrote the same things in
Python and Rust.  I wrote it to learn Julia.  I'm using version 1.0.3, which
happens to come with Debian.  It's old now.  Maybe some of the problems I
had are already fixed in the latest version, or will be fixed by the time
you read this.  Anyway, this is what I found:

Firstly, simple things are disappointingly slow.  It looks like the
functions are getting compiled every time, although the modules are supposed
to be precompiled.  It gets more reasonable for harder problems, which are
mostly artificial for this use case, so it looks like the compiler's doing
its job.  Because of the way things are compiled, interactive sessions work,
but there's no option to compile to a binary, even with all the types
declared, and that rules out some use cases.

As a language, Julia is all built around arrays, bit like Fortran.  It seems
to be missing associative arrays, but the comparison with Python doesn't
mention this so I might be missing something.  You can use arrays like
lists, and keep appending to them.  There's a "push!" function that works
for appending … sometimes, but it doesn't work with all types, and I can't
find the documentation to learn how to use it better.  I've had quite a bit
of trouble working out the correct way of defining an empty array so that I
can concatenate other objects onto it.  I use arrays with equal temperament
mappings as rows although Julia has column-major arrays that might be more
efficient the other way around, but the libraries aren't symmetric around
rows and columns so I stuck with rows.  This all adds up to a few too many
annoyances with the central container that everything's built around.

There's a built-in linear algebra library, which is useful.  It wraps
LAPACK, and so compares with less-standard libraries for other languages.
It's missing the integer-specific support that Pari has, and that is also
useful here.  As a result, there's no invariant for a temperament class and
so there are duplicates in the output.  I could implement hermite reduction
but I already spent a lot of time on this and I think it's time to stop.  I
could also use the singular value decomposition (SVD) library.  svd(A).V is
nearly the same for row-equivalent matrices.  (If you prefer
column-equivalence, like Julia sort-of does, then go for svd(A).S)  Sometimes
the signs of a column come out different, so you have to normalize.  But the
big problem is that this is floating point, and the numbers are only
consistent to a few significant figures, so I don't know how to get a
reliable distinct invariant out of it.

In conclusion, if you want to do regular temperament theory with Julia you
might find this code useful.  I can't see any use case that would lead me to
use Julia in the future, as the startup time makes it useless for CGI and it
won't produce small, efficient binaries.  Still, it isn't that bad.
